hi guys family come this is hijab adorn
here and today I'm filming two different
videos so it's about three months ago I
started noticing these pores on my skin
and they were looking pretty weird like
even from my makeup like I could see
these pores on my nose I started doing
my research you know how to minimize the
course and everything so I found this
mask that you can use to minimize the
appearance of the pores on your face and
but then before we close the pores we
have to clean the pores out like we
can't just try to close something when
there is you know a lot of dirt and
nastiness stuck in there so know you see
the blackheads on your nose and you like
right around on your chin that is the
dirt and all the gunk and nastiness
stuck in the pores that we call
blackheads or even whiteheads like we
can't really see the whiteheads that
much but they're as nasty as the
blackheads um there's gonna be two steps
to this treatment that we're gonna do
first we're gonna clean the pores out
all over the face and then we're gonna
try to close the pores or you know
shrink them a little if I come up with
the recipe and you know I make it I try
it on my face several times and I if it
works for me I do share it with you guys
but this recipe I didn't come up with
this I saw it online I tried it and it
worked so I was like alright I have to
show my viewers and it's gonna help them
same way it helped me let me show you
what you're gonna need in the mask
that's gonna clean the pores out okay so
I'm using this Arm and Hammer baking
soda and I'm using this organic raw
honey and I'm gonna take about one
tablespoon of this baking soda in this
bowl and I'm gonna add one tablespoon of
my raw organic honey you can use any
kind of honey you have available at home
and I'm just gonna mix it all up real
well and make it a consistency like this
and now I'm just applying it all over my
face and mostly constant
on the areas where I have more much
visible pores
I'm gonna leave it on for 10 minutes and
then I'm just gonna go ahead and wash
with normal cap water
I tried to take better before and after
shots but then my camera died I'm sorry
guys these are the only ones that I have
oh my god guys
when I first wash my face off I was like
what like I used to feel a lot of that I
came in whiteheads there are two my skin
like I didn't really think that they
were blackheads or whiteheads but after
I wash my face off
I saw the skin look extremely
differently I wasn't used to seeing my
skin like that like it looked so shiny
and it looked so clean but if I could
really see that and I was like oh my god
like what just happened to my face like
it looked I'm sorry for saying like like
like so much like every time I get
excited I say like like like so much and
even in my other video um the brown
sugar scrub video I said like so many
times because I think I was so freaking
nervous I when I was filming that video
and people make fun of me under that
video and I'm like okay like wait yeah I
Q I say like a lot I'm sorry alright so
back to the thing okay so the first time
you're gonna try it I recommend that you
take like before-and-after pictures and
you're gonna see a big difference even
if you think that you don't have
blackheads and whiteheads trust me guys
you do have them but you just don't know
it now I'm gonna show you the next part
of this treatment where we're gonna try
to close the pores
okay so I'm using oat flour you can use
the rice flour as well if you don't have
old flour and then here I'm using two
tablespoons of boxed egg whites that
100% egg whites but you can use the
fresh egg whites that you have available
at home you don't have to use the box
ones and then here you're just gonna mix
it all up a little tingle on your face
from the baking soda the oat flour is
gonna soothe it in the egg whites are
just gonna shrink the pores and you know
give you a very clean and clear face
inshallah here I'm just using a normal
makeup brush just to apply it all over
my face
even on for it to get dried completely
you're gonna feel this stiffness on your
face and that's a good thing don't talk
when you have this thing on guys I
wanted to take better before and after
pictures but my camera just died and
then I just had to snapshot the video
okay guys so these both pictures were
taking a different angle and different
light but you can still see a big
difference so guys don't use warm water
to wash your face after this one because
warm water actually opens up your pores
and after you're done you can even use
like a little cube of ice and just you
know rub it everywhere where you feel
that you have open pores and everything
so if that also helps close the pores up
to the second mask that I'm showing you
you can use that every week or like even
twice a week depending on the condition
of your face even if you have a lot of
wrinkles or like a lot of open pores
this mask works and I saw this one
online as well but I've done a mask
video where I showed you my own recipe
to get rid of the wrinkles and you know
you can also use that mask right here to
you know minimize your pores and
everything but I just wanted to keep the
things in this video very simple but so
do try this out guys alright guys thanks
for watching take care please follow me
on Instagram like my page on Facebook
follow me on Instagram what else yeah
subscribe over here like my buddy over
here and thanks for watching guys take
care bye buying a laugh is